generic-y += bitops.h
generic-y += bug.h
generic-y += cache.h
generic-y += cacheflush.h
generic-y += checksum.h
generic-y += cputime.h
generic-y += cmpxchg.h
generic-y += delay.h
generic-y += device.h
generic-y += div64.h
generic-y += dma.h
generic-y += exec.h
generic-y += emergency-restart.h
generic-y += ftrace.h
generic-y += io.h
generic-y += ioctl.h
generic-y += irq.h
generic-y += irqflags.h
generic-y += irq_regs.h
generic-y += kdebug.h
generic-y += kmap_types.h
generic-y += linkage.h
generic-y += local.h
generic-y += mcs_spinlock.h
generic-y += mmu.h
generic-y += module.h
generic-y += mutex.h
generic-y += pci.h
generic-y += percpu.h
generic-y += posix_types.h
generic-y += preempt.h
generic-y += scatterlist.h
generic-y += sections.h
generic-y += signal.h
generic-y += string.h
generic-y += timex.h
generic-y += topology.h
generic-y += trace_clock.h
generic-y += unaligned.h
